public/projects.md, before:

Projects
========

This chapter contains interesting projects that illustrate patterns
described in prior chapters and show interesting examples of new ways
people are learning to code. (Versus using a plain old book or reference
website.) If you find a new project, add it here and try to note what is
interesting about it, and which (if any) of the patterns it uses.

Coderpad
--------

[CoderPad](http://coderpad.io/) is a [structured
sandbox](#structured_sandbox) that allows two people to share screens
(presumably, a interviewer and a job candidate.) It’s built using
[jsrepl](https://github.com/replit/jsrepl), which powers a few other
sites, like udemy and (I think, at least in an earlier incarnation)
codecademy.

![coderpad](images/coderpad.png)

gamingjs
--------

[gamingjs](http://gamingjs.com/ice/) is sandbox-like code editor that
accompanies a book published by the Prags. We don’t know a lot about
this yet. It uses the Ace Editor.

![gamingjs](images/gamingjs.png)

Nature of Code
--------------

[Nature of Code](http://natureofcode.com/) is Dan Shiffman’s interactive
book on modeling natural systems in Processing. It’s got a number of
really cool features:

-   Running processing sketches that are sourced in at build time

-   An open github repo for contributors at
    [shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code)

-   An innovative payment system that allows you to set your own price

![natureofcode](images/natureofcode.png)

pythonmonk
----------

[pythonmonk](http://pythonmonk.com/) is a free, interactive tutorials to
help you learn Python in your browser. It uses an [unstructured
sandbox](#unstructured_sandbox) approach to guide you through a series
of lessons. It’s free.

![pythonmonk](images/pythonmonk.png)

voxeljs
-------

[voxeljs](http://voxeljs.com/) is a javascript-based minecraft clone.
It’s a wonderful, sprawling project that has a game player, creature
creators, world editors, and project sharing. It’s not a documentation
project so much as it is an example of an emerging application, but it’s
so cool that we need to pay attention to.

![voxeljs](images/voxeljs.png)

Versal
------

[Versal](https://versal.com/) is in beta.

Learning gadgets Beyond video. Beyond slide decks. Versal brings
interactivity to online learning through customizable exercises called
“gadgets.”

Drag and drop gadgets – simulations, charts and so much more - right
into your course, no coding required.

And if you do know how to code? Our JavaScript API will be available to
developers soon. Sign up for an invite.

Are you a JavaScript developer? Are you intrigued by how interactivity
will reinvent online learning?

We’ll be opening up our gadget platform/APIs very soon, and we’re
looking for a handful of creative developers and early adopters. Sign up
for an invite and we’ll be in touch shortly.

<http://readwrite.com/2013/07/09/online-learning-is-broken-and-versal-wants-to-fix-it#awesm=~obdPx1gvIfi1ek>

Commit message:

Add Scrapbook to project list
Signed-off-by: Mary Anthony <mary@docker.com>

public/projects.md, after:

Projects
========

This chapter contains interesting projects that illustrate patterns
described in prior chapters and show interesting examples of new ways
people are learning to code. (Versus using a plain old book or reference
website.) If you find a new project, add it here and try to note what is
interesting about it, and which (if any) of the patterns it uses.

Coderpad
--------

[CoderPad](http://coderpad.io/) is a [structured
sandbox](#structured_sandbox) that allows two people to share screens
(presumably, a interviewer and a job candidate.) It’s built using
[jsrepl](https://github.com/replit/jsrepl), which powers a few other
sites, like udemy and (I think, at least in an earlier incarnation)
codecademy.

![coderpad](images/coderpad.png)

gamingjs
--------

[gamingjs](http://gamingjs.com/ice/) is sandbox-like code editor that
accompanies a book published by the Prags. We don’t know a lot about
this yet. It uses the Ace Editor.

![gamingjs](images/gamingjs.png)

Nature of Code
--------------

[Nature of Code](http://natureofcode.com/) is Dan Shiffman’s interactive
book on modeling natural systems in Processing. It’s got a number of
really cool features:

-   Running processing sketches that are sourced in at build time

-   An open github repo for contributors at
    [shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code](https://github.com/shiffman/The-Nature-of-Code)

-   An innovative payment system that allows you to set your own price

![natureofcode](images/natureofcode.png)

pythonmonk
----------

[pythonmonk](http://pythonmonk.com/) is a free, interactive tutorial to
help you learn Python in your browser. It uses an [unstructured
sandbox](#unstructured_sandbox) approach to guide you through a series
of lessons. It’s free.

![pythonmonk](images/pythonmonk.png)

Scrapbook
----------

[Scrapbook](http://www.joinscrapbook.com/) teaches users about Docker and Git
using a Linux terminal served from a browser page. Scapbook is both
a [structured sandbox](#structured_sandbox) and [unstructured
sandbox](#unstructured_sandbox) learning environment. There are guided
scenarios but it is also possible to go "off script" and move about the
terminal on your own.

![Scrapbook](images/scrapbook_docker.png)

voxeljs
-------

[voxeljs](http://voxeljs.com/) is a javascript-based minecraft clone.
It’s a wonderful, sprawling project that has a game player, creature
creators, world editors, and project sharing. It’s not a documentation
project so much as it is an example of an emerging application, but it’s
so cool that we need to pay attention to.

![voxeljs](images/voxeljs.png)

Versal
------

[Versal](https://versal.com/) is in beta.

Learning gadgets Beyond video. Beyond slide decks. Versal brings
interactivity to online learning through customizable exercises called
“gadgets.”

Drag and drop gadgets – simulations, charts and so much more - right
into your course, no coding required.

And if you do know how to code? Our JavaScript API will be available to
developers soon. Sign up for an invite.

Are you a JavaScript developer? Are you intrigued by how interactivity
will reinvent online learning?

We’ll be opening up our gadget platform/APIs very soon, and we’re
looking for a handful of creative developers and early adopters. Sign up
for an invite and we’ll be in touch shortly.

<http://readwrite.com/2013/07/09/online-learning-is-broken-and-versal-wants-to-fix-it#awesm=~obdPx1gvIfi1ek>
